CVE-2014-1592 Firefox xul.dll!nsHtml5TreeOperation use of poisoned memory
=========================================================================
[Mozilla 1088635][] covers a bug in Firefox that could it to use data from a
freed and "poisoned" object through specially crafted HTML, which resulted in
access violations around address `0x5a5a5a5a` on x86 systems. The memory used
to back the object was marked with this magic value after it was freed. Because
this magic value resulted in an address can be allocated even on 32-bit
versions of Windows, I suggested in [Mozilla 1182002][] that the value get
updated with something that makes it a little harder to exploit. This and other
reasons for changing the magic values, led to magic values being
changed to `0xe4e4e4e4` for uninitialized memory and `0xe5e5e5e5` for freed
memory.

Repro
-----
```HTML
<script>
  window.onload = function() {
    oMenuElement = document.createElement("MENU");
    document.open();
    document.insertBefore(oMenuElement, null);
    document.write("<script></"+"script>\n");
  };
</script>
```

Description
-----------
The repro caused the `nsHtml5TreeOperation`'s `mOne` member object to be freed.
The freed memory was not immediately released, but poisoned by filling it with
"z" (0x5a). A pointer to the freed object is kept in `mOne` and continued to be
used. The repro caused `xul!nsHtml5TreeOperation::Perform` to pass the `node`
member of `mOne` to `xul!nsHtml5TreeOperation::AppendText` as a pointer to an
object, but because the pointer's value was `0x5a5a5a5a`, this caused an access
violation.

Exploit
-------
It should have been fairly straightforward to exploit this issue using a
run-of-the-mill heap-spray when the magic value was still 0x5a5a5a5a. but after
the magic value was changed to the new, higher values, the issue can no longer
be exploited on 32-bit versions of Windows, as memory cannot be allocated at
addresses starting with 0xe4 or 0xe5 on 32-bit versions of Windows.

[Mozilla 1088635]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1088635
[Mozilla 1182002]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1182002